2.2.0 release updates (#58)
pxblue/react-workflows: login-workflow/docs/language-support.md

# Language Support

This package supports translations to different languages using [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) / [react-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next). The workflow screens are currently available in:

-   English
-   French

> -   Spanish

Reviewer: Simplified Chinese?

## Changing the Language

The authentication workflow configures i18next to store the most recently used language in local storage (`pxb-i18nextLng`) so that when the app is loaded again, it will default to the last language used. There are three ways that you can change this stored value.

> ### 1. ChangeLanguage Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. ChangeLanguage Function (recommended)
```

### 3. Local Storage

You can also manually modify the value that is stored in Local Storage to edit or remove the stored value. Removing the value will tell the application to default to the browser default value.

> We recommend using the ChangeLanguage function or the query string rather than Local Storage to handle language modifications as any applications that are using this workflow on the same computer will have collisions.

Reviewer: I would suggest moving this after the example and after the other callout note.
```suggestion
All applications using the @pxblue/react-auth-workflow will use the same localstorage key when doing this lookup. In order to avoid possible interference with other applications, we recommend using the ChangeLanguage function (#1) instead of relying on localstorage.
```

### 3. Local Storage

You can also manually modify the value that is stored in Local Storage to edit or remove the stored value. Removing the value will tell the application to default to the browser default value.

> All applications using the @pxblue/react-auth-workflow will use the same localstorage key when doing this lookup. In order to avoid possible interference with other applications, we recommend using the ChangeLanguage function (#1) instead of relying on localstorage.

Reviewer: I would move this to the end of this section (after the other callout) and do it as a callout: "> All App....."
